[Publications] updated module help text (#5653)
aces/Loris: modules/publication/help/publication.md

# Publication

This module allows you to view and propose new research projects or publications, and for users who are PIs to review them. 

In the **Browse** tab, use the selection filters to search for a project of interest. 

You can submit a new proposal in the **Propose a Project** tab, and upload specific files to associate with it. 

Pay special attention to user permissions when submitting proposals. 
Note that PIs can designate other users to edit and later update the project or publication information. Only users affiliated with the proposal can delete publications. 

> You should also make sure to specify which variables of interest are relevant to your research, so reviewers can properly determine if they should grant access to the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also ensure to specify which variables of interest are relevant to your research, so reviewers can properly determine if they should grant access to the data.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks @PapillonMcGill - we're shifting the style away from `ensure` to make it more friendly / easily readable.

Reviewer: @christinerogers In my opinion, it look more professional and less sloppy
I don't think going back to make sure in a good move

Author: What about removing that altogether? Instead: "It's important to specify which variables of interest are relevant to your research..."

Reviewer 2: I think "Important to specify" is better than "make sure" -- though I know "make sure" has already made it into a lot of the Help texts already merged.
